# Frontend Folder Structure

This document provides an overview of the `xai_frontend` folder structure.


```bash
├── public
│   ├── index.html
│   ├── manifest.json
│   ├── ...
├── src
│   ├── Images_Infographics/
│   ├── Img/
│   ├── components/
│   ├── pages/
│   ├── App.js
│   ├── App.css
│   ├── index.js
│   ├── index.css
│   ├── ...
├── README-react.md
├── package.json
├── package-lock.json
└── .gitignore
```

## `public` Subdirectory


The `public` subdirectory contains static assets and the entry point for the React web application. Here's an overview of its contents:

- `index.html`: This HTML file serves as the entry point for the React application. It includes the root element where the React components are rendered.

- `manifest.json`: The `manifest.json` file is used to provide metadata about the web application. It includes information like the application's name, icons, and display preferences.

- ... (other files and assets specific to the application)

The `public` folder is essential for hosting and serving theReact application to users. It contains resources that are publicly accessible and can be loaded by the client's web browser.


## `src` Subdirectory

The `src` subdirectory contains the source code for the React web application. It is organized into the following sub-subfolders:

- `Images_Infographics`: This folder is used for the infographics of the Get-Started Section.

- `Img`: The `Img` folder provides the images used in the web application. 

- `components`: The `components` folder houses React components that are used to build the user interface. Components in this folder can be reused throughout the application for modular and organized development.

- `pages`: The `pages` folder is where individual pages or views of the web application are defined. Each page may consist of multiple components and is typically associated with a specific route or URL path.

## Other Files

In addition to the main project structure, there are some other files:

- `README-react.md`: Auto-generated documentation (by [create-react-app](https://create-react-app.dev/)) for using React.

- `package.json`: This file is a part of Node.js projects and contains metadata about the project, including its dependencies and scripts. Developers can use this file to understand the project's dependencies and how to run various scripts associated with it.

- `package-lock.json`: The `package-lock.json` file is automatically generated by npm and is used to lock down the specific versions of dependencies installed in your project. It ensures that the same versions of dependencies are used across different installations, providing consistency and stability.
